# CriptoCurrencyAnalysis-Aws-MongoDB

To sum the whole project up what I do here is; first, I created an EC2 machine then I installed the MongoDB software (robo3t and studio3t). Then I created MarketData collection with the data I have given. Using the software, I exported that data as a JSON then I upload it to my S3 bucket, then I created a cluster in redshift. Using query editor I imported that data s3 to redshift, then I manipulated the data and get it ready for Quicksight. Finally, I open my table in Quicksight to do analyses located in the database in my Redshift cluster.

I have my VPC(virtual private cloud) that represents my AWS account network. And then I will need more than one availability zones for high availability and disasters. The public zone is where I put my Ec2 machine and it has low security. Ec2 can access to the public internet through an internet gateway. Public Route table enables the public subnet to connect to the internet through the internet gateway. Ec2 (Elastic Compute Cloud) is virtual computing let us do deploy and developing. Private security groups enable communication within the VPC which is TCP3389 to anywhere. Amazon Redshift is a fully managed cloud-based data warehouse product designed for large scale data set storage and analysis. It is also used to perform large scale database migrations. Then I need the IAM role because the cluster needs permission to access the resource and the data from S3. I provided the permission by using AWS Identity and Access Management. Amazon S3(Amazon Simple Storage Service) is a service offered by Amazon Web Services that provides object storage through a web service interface. It is storage for the Internet. It is designed to make web-scale computing easier for developers. AWS QuickSight is a fast-self-serve business intelligence tool from Amazon. This program allows you to easily and simply create stunning visualizations, build rich dashboards, perform ad-hoc analysis, and quickly get business insights in minutes from data.
